Site updates moving from RHElements to PFElements (#17)
RHElements/rhelements-documentation: content/develop/step-2d.md

}
```

> If the changed attribute is `pfe-following`, the button text will update based on our conditional. Pretty straight-forward, right? Now our button completely reflects the state of `pfe-following` with everything wired up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the changed attribute is `pfe-following`, the button text will update based on our conditional. Pretty straightforward, right? Now our button completely reflects the state of `pfe-following` with everything wired up.
```
